Notes/Learning Resources.md, before:

## Python for Data Science

#### Video
- [Data Analysis with Python Course - NumPy, Pandas, Data Visualization](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GPVsHOlRBBI) | February 19, 2021
- [Pandas & Python for Data Analysis by Example – Full Course for Beginners](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gtjxAH8uaP0) | June 21, 2023
- [Python for Data Science - Course for Beginners (Learn Python, Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LHBE6Q9XlzI&t=41819s) | June 2, 2020
#### Article
- [Data Science with Python (Geeks for Geeks)](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/data-science-with-python-tutorial/) | August 30, 2024
- [Python Data Science Handbook - O'Reilly](https://jakevdp.github.io/PythonDataScienceHandbook/)

## Python Libraries/Framework/Tools
### TensorFlow:
#### Video
- [TensorFlow 2.0 Complete Course - Python Neural Networks for Beginners Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPYj3fFJGjk) | March 3, 2020
- [Python TensorFlow for Machine Learning – Neural Network Text Classification Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VtRLrQ3Ev-U&t=1877s) | June 15, 2022
- [Keras with TensorFlow Course - Python Deep Learning and Neural Networks for Beginners Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qFJeN9V1ZsI) | June 18, 2020
#### Articles
 - [Official TensorFlow Tutorials](https://www.tensorflow.org/tutorials)
### Scikit-Learn
#### Video
- [Machine Learning with Python and Scikit-Learn – Full Course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hDKCxebp88A) | November 22, 2023
#### Articles
- [Official Sci-kit](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/user_guide.html)

## Natural Language Processing (NLP)
### Word2Vec Model
#### Video
- [Word2Vec: Natural Language Processing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f7o8aDNxf7k) | June 3, 2021
	- [Coding Word2Vec: NLP](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2E-pU4H2gc) | July 1, 2021
#### Articles (Word2Vec)
- [Word Embedding using Word2Vec](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/python-word-embedding-using-word2vec/)
### GloVe Model
- [Introduction to NLP | GloVe Model Explained](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fn_U2OG1uqI) | February 10, 2024
#### Articles (GloVe)
- [Pre-trained Word embedding using Glove in NLP models](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/pre-trained-word-embedding-using-glove-in-nlp-models/)
- [Basics of Using Pre-trained GloVe Vectors in Python](https://medium.com/analytics-vidhya/basics-of-using-pre-trained-glove-vectors-in-python-d38905f356db)
 
## Neural Networks
### Recurrent Neural Network (RNN)
#### Video
- [Recurrent Neural Networks | Deep Learning Simplified](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_aCuOwF1ZjU)
- [RNN From Scratch in Python](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4wuIOcD1LLI)
#### Articles
- [Introduction to Recurrent Neural Network](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/introduction-to-recurrent-neural-network/)

### Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM)
#### Video
- [What is LSTM?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b61DPVFX03I&t=30s)
- [LSTM Time Series Forecasting Tutorial in Python](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0k-YLQGKjY)
#### Articles
- [What is LSTM?](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/deep-learning-introduction-to-long-short-term-memory/)

### System Design and Analysis
#### Video
- [System Design for Beginners Course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8Icp_Cid5o)
#### Articles
- [System Analysis and Design](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/system-analysis-system-design/)

Commit message:

M: Added flowchart learning resource to `Learning Resources.md`

Notes/Learning Resources.md, after:

## Python for Data Science

#### Video
- [Data Analysis with Python Course - NumPy, Pandas, Data Visualization](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GPVsHOlRBBI) | February 19, 2021
- [Pandas & Python for Data Analysis by Example – Full Course for Beginners](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gtjxAH8uaP0) | June 21, 2023
- [Python for Data Science - Course for Beginners (Learn Python, Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LHBE6Q9XlzI&t=41819s) | June 2, 2020
#### Article
- [Data Science with Python (Geeks for Geeks)](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/data-science-with-python-tutorial/) | August 30, 2024
- [Python Data Science Handbook - O'Reilly](https://jakevdp.github.io/PythonDataScienceHandbook/)

## Python Libraries/Framework/Tools
### TensorFlow:
#### Video
- [TensorFlow 2.0 Complete Course - Python Neural Networks for Beginners Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPYj3fFJGjk) | March 3, 2020
- [Python TensorFlow for Machine Learning – Neural Network Text Classification Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VtRLrQ3Ev-U&t=1877s) | June 15, 2022
- [Keras with TensorFlow Course - Python Deep Learning and Neural Networks for Beginners Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qFJeN9V1ZsI) | June 18, 2020
#### Articles
 - [Official TensorFlow Tutorials](https://www.tensorflow.org/tutorials)
### Scikit-Learn
#### Video
- [Machine Learning with Python and Scikit-Learn – Full Course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hDKCxebp88A) | November 22, 2023
#### Articles
- [Official Sci-kit](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/user_guide.html)

## Natural Language Processing (NLP)
### Word2Vec Model
#### Video
- [Word2Vec: Natural Language Processing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f7o8aDNxf7k) | June 3, 2021
	- [Coding Word2Vec: NLP](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2E-pU4H2gc) | July 1, 2021
#### Articles (Word2Vec)
- [Word Embedding using Word2Vec](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/python-word-embedding-using-word2vec/)
### GloVe Model
- [Introduction to NLP | GloVe Model Explained](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fn_U2OG1uqI) | February 10, 2024
#### Articles (GloVe)
- [Pre-trained Word embedding using Glove in NLP models](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/pre-trained-word-embedding-using-glove-in-nlp-models/)
- [Basics of Using Pre-trained GloVe Vectors in Python](https://medium.com/analytics-vidhya/basics-of-using-pre-trained-glove-vectors-in-python-d38905f356db)
 
## Neural Networks
### Recurrent Neural Network (RNN)
#### Video
- [Recurrent Neural Networks | Deep Learning Simplified](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_aCuOwF1ZjU)
- [RNN From Scratch in Python](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4wuIOcD1LLI)
#### Articles
- [Introduction to Recurrent Neural Network](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/introduction-to-recurrent-neural-network/)

### Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM)
#### Video
- [What is LSTM?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b61DPVFX03I&t=30s)
- [LSTM Time Series Forecasting Tutorial in Python](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0k-YLQGKjY)
#### Articles
- [What is LSTM?](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/deep-learning-introduction-to-long-short-term-memory/)

### System Design and Analysis
#### Video
- [System Design for Beginners Course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8Icp_Cid5o)
#### Articles
- [System Analysis and Design](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/system-analysis-system-design/)i

### Flowchart
#### Article
[What is a Flowchart](https://www.lucidchart.com/pages/what-is-a-flowchart-tutorial)
